* AlphaGo Zero is not trained by supervised learning on human data, but it is directly trained by self-play, which conveniently implements curriculum learning.
* Value and policy network are combined in a single network (40 ReLU residual blocks) that outputs both a probability distribution over actions and a state value for the current board (the benefits of this are a shared representation, regularization and fewer parameters). There is no separate rollout policy.
* The network inputs are just the current board and the previous 7 moves; no additional handcrafted features such as liberties.
* As before, at each step they use MCTS to get a better policy than the policy output of the neural network itself, and the nodes in the search tree are expanded based on the predictions of the neural network and  various heuristics (e.g. to encourage exploration).
* Different from previous versions, MCTS is not based on the rollout policy that is played until the end of the game to get win/lose signals. Rather, in each run of MCTS they simulate a fixed number of 1600 steps using self-play. When the game ends, they use the MCTS policy recorded at each step and the final outcome ±1 as targets for the neural network which are simply learned by SGD (squared error for the value, cross entropy loss for the policy, plus L2 regularizer).
* The big picture is sort of that MCTS-based self play until the end of the game acts as policy evaluation and MCTS itself acts as policy improvement, so taken together, it is like policy iteration.
* The training data is augmented by rotations and mirroring as before
